EC-84: Restructure eZ Commerce doc, part 2 (#2)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/product_description/ordering_process.md

![](img/image2018-4-4_18-53-18.png)

> An upload function allows to upload a csv file containing a list of SKUs and quantities. Even more convenient is the drag and drop function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An upload function allows to upload a CSV file containing a list of SKUs and quantities. Even more convenient is the drag and drop function.
```

The checkout is set up on one page and offers 5 steps.

> Step 1: A user can register as a new customer, existing customer or buy as a guest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 1: A user can register an account, log in to an existing account or buy as a guest.
```

![](img/invoice_adress.png)

> Step 3: For delivery address the user can either choose the invoice address, one of the addresses from his address book or enter a new delivery address. Only the offered delivery addresses will be fetched from the ERP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 3: For delivery address the user can either choose the invoice address, one of the addresses from his address book or enter a new delivery address. Only the chosen delivery addresses will be fetched from the ERP.
```

![](img/image2019-1-20_17-28-30.png)

### Delivery options

Step 4: The shipping methods and costs can be set up in configuration.

![](img/checkout_4.png)

### Payment options

eZ Commerce solution offers a plugin for PayPal electronic payment (PayPal express). The payment is based on a standard Symfony Bundle. You can also integrate other payment providers.

### Order overview

Step 5: The last step summarizes the order. Checkboxes for accepting T&C, cancellation policy and data protection documents are offered.

![](img/image2018-4-4_18-35-31.png)

### Order

The order is stored in the shop. If an ERP system is connected, the order is forwarded to ERP and also stored in the shop.

> A confirmation email is sent to the customer and the email address which is set in the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A confirmation email is sent to the customer to the email address which is set in the configuration.
```
